Zurich "EYE" Hello, this is Scout 1 1 A formation 4
Dubendorf via 4B for landing
Scout 1 1 formation Tower Hello via 4B
proceed to final 34 land beam echo 8 QNH 1017
1017 4B 34 E 8 Scout 11A
Tower good day Scout 11 B behind the Alpha for 4B landing
Scout 11 B Tower Hello enter via 4 B final 34  land beam E 8
QNH 1017
1017 landing 34 beam E8 Scout 11 B
beam E 8 Scout 11 B
Scout 11 A
and Scout 11 B all the formations wind 260 degrees 4 knots
runway 34 clear to land
scout 11 alpha formation landing 34
B Z M U tower Hello,
please shut down your engine
we have a convoy which is landing so shut down
and I call you back as soon as you can start again
we shut down engine H M U
Scout 11...
Scout 11 Emily... service
Tower just to confirm fully ready for departure
thats correct were just waiting
due to a convoy landing
on runway 34 I'll call
you back in about 2 minutes
10-4
Scout 11 Bravo request
to taxi to ...
Scout 11 B 1175 Bye Bye
1175 bye bye
*media/photographers speaking
Air Force One wind 320 degrees 5 knots
runway 16 clear for take off
Air Force one contact departures 125.95
Bye Bye
Air Force one Departures GoodBye
Tower good afternoon scout 11 formation E 8 ready
for departure 16 to Dubendorf
TOWER: Hello Scout 11 line up and wait runway 16
line up and wait 16 Scout 11
Scout 11 wind 310 degrees 2 knots runway 16
clear to take off direct Dubendorf (Military Base)
Scout 11
*media/photographers speaking